README.md, before:

# NaxaiNg

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 10.0.6.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Added more files to .gitignore, updated README.md, got publishconf working, removed .swp files, and added dependency installation to Makefile

README.md, after:

# winstonmyers.com - documentation

This is a repository for my personal website.  This project uses `python3.10`, [Pelican](https://github.com/getpelican/pelican), and an ever more customized version of the [Flex](https://github.com/alexandrevicenzi/Flex) theme.

## development and testing

The following command has been useful for running the local pelican server as well as re-deploying changes after each save and cleaning up any files on exit.

``` shell
$ pwd
~/git/winstonmyers.com

nohup pelican --listen 2>&1 & pelican -r src/content -o output/ -t src/theme/ -D; make clean
```

## theme changes

I was having trouble with getthing the theme to include a paginated list of my blog posts on several pages. So minor changes were made to account for that as well as for showing social media more clearly.  

## configuration 

Most configuration changes are captured in the pelicanconf.py and publishconf.py. The goal is for page URIs to be automatically determined by location of the markdown file and it's slug.  

## deployment

The Makefile is designed to run a series of GitHub Actions to install dependencies, build the static HTML, and deploy it to AWS S3. Later on, this could get more complicated as server-side projects are added.
